NPM Scripts
NPM Command 	Description
npm run dev 	Local webserver for development (serve + watch)
npm run watch 	Watch changes (dev for use with external server: apache, nginx, local server...)
npm run report 	Generate reports into parcel-bundle-reports/ and build/bundle-buddy.json
npm run build 	Automatic production build (for website upload).
npm run gh-pages 	Automatic production build for GitHub Pages. *
npm run deploy 	Deploy build folder to GitHub Pages.
npm run lintcss 	Lint CSS files with stylelint (src/css/\*.css )
npm run lintjs 	Lint Javascript files with eslint (src/js/\*.js )
npm run clean:cache 	Remove .parcel-cache, dist and build folder.
npm run clean:all 	Reset default repo and remove cache and all npm generated files.

Check for addons: https://github.com/ManzDev/parcel-document-blank

package.json
 - scripts
 - devDependecies

index.html
 - referencing styles, scripts and components

 styles folder
  - index.scss to group them together
  - support for scss comes out of the box. if you use .scss extension, parcel will take care of dependencies
  - transpiling to css comes out of the box. check dist folder. dist folder is autogenerated.
  - scss files can be imported in js files. parcel will add them as a dependency in the html file. 
  - in this example i'm importing scss file straight to html. parcel knows that and automatically transpiles the file.

  scripts folder
   - index.js to group them together
   - support for JS 2015, 16 and 17 comes out of the box
   - transpiling to ES5 comes out of the box!!! check dist folder.
